Update use-scim-to-provision-users-and-groups.md (#31490)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/manage-apps/use-scim-to-provision-users-and-groups.md

| objectId |ID |
| proxyAddresses |emails[type eq "other"].Value |

> ## Whitelisting IP addresses being used by the Azure AD provisioning service to make SCIM requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Allow IP addresses being used by the Azure AD provisioning service to make SCIM requests
```

> Certain apps whitelist inbound traffic to their app. In order for the Azure AD Provisioning service to function as expected, the IP addresses used must be whitelisted. A JSON file with the list of IP addresses for each service tag/region can be found [here](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=56519). You can download and progream these IPs into your firewall as needed. The reserved IP ranges for for Azure AD provisioning can be found under "AzureActiveDirectoryDomainServices."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain apps allow inbound traffic to their app. In order for the Azure AD Provisioning service to function as expected, the IP addresses used must be allowed. A JSON file with the list of IP addresses for each service tag/region can be found [here](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=56519). You can download and program these IPs into your firewall as needed. The reserved IP ranges for for Azure AD provisioning can be found under "AzureActiveDirectoryDomainServices."
```
